what's going on guys get here today
we're doing a car showcase of the Dukes
the brand-new Dukes that came with the
brand-new GTA 5 on Xbox one and on ps4
starting off with ben's dukes
here's a nice chrome Duke with some
high-end rims primary color is chrome
with the secondary of red I believe that
is and he has a nice
what is it tri turbo or tri roof hood
ornament thing next up we have big Luigi
big Luigi's rockin that what is this
like a sunset red or so or like I know
that's uh it's not pressing that's a
normal stock color primary car it looks
pretty nice I like that color myself
second up we have vish wah and of course
there's a lot of duke in this car
showcase there's about like 29 people in
here so this is a really big car show
his is a black on yellow looking pretty
stylish looking pretty good next up we
have the Dukes that belongs to the z-man
the seamen's rocking some kind of light
purple like a violet nice very I think
this is one of the only Dukes in this
car show besides the black low that's
just a primary color so very nice color
you chose their killer Kuro is rocking
the black with a light blue pearlescent
looking pretty nice in the Sun as you
guys can see right there and he has a
very nice choice of putting as blue rims
as well and next up we have somebody
that's not in their car I don't know
whose car this is
but they're rocking the black with a
pink pearlescent that looks pretty sexy
and of course you guys have the option
of choosing in the winner of this car
showcase by leaving the number of the
car you think won so that's not over
real quick this was one two three four
five this was six seventh car we have is
drag by Drago fied drag refined has of
course a nice orange color to his car
and he has those old fashioned rims
right there of course with the wheelie
back then we have number eight I believe
is Tom and three to eight rocking the
black thing is in a map no it's not
matte black it's a regular classic black
I believe with a pearlescent of row with
the primary with the secondary over with
red rims looking
pretty sexy tom of course the cops are
having a good time in the background
over here know exactly what they're
doing but hey they're shooting up the
place next up we have I kill you rockin
the gray and he's missing a door I don't
know what Oh who's the dick next up I
don't know whose car this is
but hey that's a nice blue they have
here with it's a black and blue
pearlescent looking pretty sexy it's
actually all blue pretty nice next up we
have a mer bleue Gotti rocking the red
with a flag on the top is that like I'm
not even gonna what is this cop doing
Kent is he blind with this he's like I
hate your car your car sucks
you did Oh is he gonna kill you no oh I
guess you just stole that cop car okay
that's cool
next up we have nin how did this cop
just die you say help me help me up
please I'm struggling you what is he
what is he doing okay I was gonna leave
alone before he kills me
next up we have ninja Slayer God rocking
the black as a primary with a pink as a
secondary with the American flag on the
top next up we have a black dukes that's
destroyed I have to say whoever drove
this car absolutely destroyed it and he
has an American flag on top next up we
have 50 cow 50 cows rocking the black as
a primary with a white hat second or any
of the crew emblem on their team casuals
nice very nice very nice next up what
are the cops doing now I don't know
these cops they're so freaking weird
next up we have dawn son Dawson's rockin
the all orange Dukes with orange rims
looking pretty sexy and of course you
guys know what this row is referencing
next we have pie guy rocking it's I want
to call this the olive green Dukes
looking pretty nice this is a very nice
shade of green with a very nice
pearlescent let me know what you guys
think of this car ended up in the
comments or chat right now Sam's is
rocking the orange of course as well
with a very very nice it looks great in
the Sun with the Canadian flag on top I
guess he's reading his Canadia homeland
next up we got a mine 12 rocking the
purple but this is
is this Dukes was it yeah this Wow it
looks so different in freaking purple
but he has a wheelie bar on the back
next up we got who's this car this is
the rampaging cow
he's rockin the orange Dukes with their
black rims and the of course custom
wheels looking pretty sexy who's this
who's this
we got phased scopes face scopes is
rocking the black primary with the
orange or is that red
I believe that's red I think so it looks
sort of orange an American flag on top
and a very nice hood try I think it's
called the triple something I forgot
what it's called we're gonna skip this
freakin Zin tour no next up we have who
is this
he's paused I can't see who it is but he
has a white Duke that's getting
destroyed by the cops with a blue
secondary for the overall look of the
car looking pretty nice who is it I
can't tavern there you go tavern next we
have Teddy Evans rockin what is this
Teddy you got a black primary with red
secondary looking pretty nice and lastly
we got some dude with a gold is it gold
gold primary and a orange secondary it
looks like or this like a bronze orange
looking pretty good overall guys let me
know which car was your favorite no one
moved just yet
don't move your cars I'm gonna go down
the list real quick and count through
them and I think they're all about to
explode there's so many cops here I
don't think it's gonna work out but
overall let me know in the chat which
one was your favorite and that was the
Dukes car showcase in the 30-man Lobby
just about hopefully you guys did enjoy
I will see you guys tomorrow with a
brand new video if you are watching the
live stream you guys can find me live I
touched our TVs as javis gamers and
somebody's about to land a plane on all
of them that would have been really cool
way to end it all now see you guys later